[Music]
Merry Christmas I'm Cassie from BBC good
food and I'm going to show you my
favorite recipe for Boxing Day for using
up all your leftovers so I'm going to
make some really simple turkey bubble
and squeak cakes so I've got some
leftover roast potatoes loads of
leftover sprouts which everybody has and
some shredded turkey I'm going to just
whiz everything up so potatoes and next
I'm going to add a handful of sprouts
now I'm going to go in with a handful of
Turkey now this is all a bit dry at the
moment so I'm just going to add a
drizzle of beaten egg and a bit of salt
and pepper
now I'm gonna add a blob of gooey cheese
in the middle of each of these I've got
some leftover Brie here but you could
use camembert or some Gruyere and I
think we're just gonna melt really well
make sure it's completely encased in the
middle your cakes need to chill for
about 20 minutes half an hour just to
firm up - Sonja's good drizzle of oil in
the pan so I'm just gonna cook these for
a couple of minutes on each side until
they're nice and crispy and hot through
and if you've got any leftover cranberry
sauce this will go perfectly so there's
my delicious turkey bubbling sweet cakes
perfect Boxing Day I hope you enjoy
[Music]
you